We'll come back in this video I would like to talk to you about some other aspects of C as selectors
and also another tech that we haven't looked at.
So there is something called a div tech and it's pretty much something like a container so we can contain
multiple things within a DIV tag.
So we could say something like OK I've created this this tag and in year I could go ahead and add two
tags something like that.
So now this div tag contains those two tags.
And if I execute that code you will see OK I have just added two more lines in here.
But now there is an advantage of using this tax.
For example if we look at our Web site here this little block here that we have is within a div container.
So if we look at it we can see it's within this container called Card block or with the class card block.
OK so we have another container with the class card block and so forth.
So let's have a look at device and how we used them.
So I have this div and I'm going to give it a class as well.
I'm going to call it P or part 1.
There's just going to be my class part 1 and then and there.
I would like to have a P-TECH which just says something like I am a paragraph but part 1 and I don't
want to have the second one.
And also it won't have this class for now.
OK so now I just have this very basic tag here and let me clean it up a little bit.
We don't need all of this additional space.
OK.
And I'm going to create a different DIV tag just below that and this will be part 2 for example.
Now in here I have different content which is part 2.
And now what I can do is for example I can say I would like to change this particular P-TECH without
even touching the P-TECH where I could even change all the pieces within a specific task.
And how do I do that.
Well you can use dot part 1 in order to access this class or modify this class which is called Part
1 and then you can add something like the P for example.
So let's have a look at that where we change all the text within a Part 1 class.
And here I could just say something like font weight should be bold.
So now it's going to be bold.
This part here will be written.
So let's save and refresh and you can see part 1.
I mean paragraph is bold now part 2 in the paragraph is not bold.
So only this part here is bold even though I said the font weight.
Bold but I said that it should only apply to Peter x which are within a C part of one class and that's
the case here.
So I created this little container with this div tag and added this paragraph in there.
So let me create another paragraph in there save it and refresh and you can see now I have part 1.
I'm a paragraph part one I'm a paragraph so both of them are bold.
So all the tags within my class part 1 will be bold now because I defined it in here so you can pretty
much do whatever you want you could.
Let's say we have this clause important in there as well.
So if you use important and so only important within the tag of part one will be bold.
Now of course important is a class so we need to add the dot here as well.
OK so now if I saved that and I refresh my side you see me paragraph.
Now is written in bold.
That's because it is in red and in bold.
That's because this third paragraph here is within a day that has the class Part 1.
And at the same time the P-TECH itself has the class.
Important.
That's why only this P-TECH here is actually influenced by that.
All right so quickly to sum it up once again you can create multiple tags in hemo and you can create
diff tasks which pretty much are containers.
Then you can have the tags and multiple other types of text like I m g text for images and so forth.
There are plenty of text if you want to know more about the text you can of course always check out
aged email text or google it.
But that's not really what we're talking about here.
But the idea is that you can use those tasks in order to style them so you can style parts of your website
by using text.
So I can use this approach here where I say OK I have the style tag within the head of my website.
So within the head of my website so I can simply change the style of a specific tag selector.
For example the piece selector or I can change it of a specific class clauses by using the dot and IDs
by using the hash at the beginning and then of course I can change span's or other tags straight away.
And I even can combine that I can combine clauses with clauses so if I say OK I have a container with
a class part one like this div container and I have something with a clause important and I want to
change its font weight property to bolt.
So within the curly brackets you pretty much just say what you want to change and then you ended up
with a semi colon.
So every single statement has to end with a semi-colon in C S S and of course let's go back to just
using a p tag.
Here you can use that as well where you just say OK all the text within my containers with a Part 1
class should be influenced.
So if we check that out again we can see all those three are influenced now and are bold.
OK.
So that basic knowledge here of and C is as will help us to find elements that are relevant for us in
order to cut the website down as we need it.
And that's really just a little excursus.
In order to give you an idea of what this whole HDMI LNC is as does in order to understand better how
we construct or how the website is structured and how we can crawl it correctly.
All right.
So I'd say See you in the next video where we are going to find elements.
So see you there.